Mỗi lần sử dụng, bạn cần kích hoạt venv bằng source .venv/bin/activate trước khi chạy lệnh scrapy. Khi không cần nữa, gõ deactivate.
Theme: Hope,Despair,Trust,Isolation,Rebellion,Danger,Love,Guilt
Sub path: 
save path: /Users/duongcongthuyet/Downloads/workspace/AI /project/stubs/theme_classifier_output.csv

model path: christopherxzyx/locations_classifier
text to classify:
Text 1:
"A hidden facility beneath Hawkins where Soviet scientists tried to rip open a portal to another dimension using strange machines."
(Gợi ý: Có thể là Action Hub vì liên quan đến sự kiện lớn và thí nghiệm.)
Text 2:
"A cozy cabin in the woods near Hawkins where a family gathers to hide from the chaos and plan their next steps."
(Gợi ý: Có thể là Safe Haven vì là nơi trú ẩn an toàn.)
Text 3:
"A twisted realm cloaked in fog and shadows, crawling with monstrous creatures that hunt anything that moves."
(Gợi ý: Có thể là Danger Zone vì chứa mối đe dọa siêu nhiên.)
Text 4:
"A small diner on the edge of town where locals grab a quick bite, nothing unusual ever happens there."
(Gợi ý: Có thể là Minor Location vì không có vai trò lớn.)
Text 5:
"An old warehouse in Lenora Hills where a fierce battle broke out between teenagers and a shadowy monster from another world."
(Gợi ý: Có thể là Action Hub vì là nơi xảy ra chiến đấu.)
chatbot: 

Q: Where are you from?
A: The lab.

Q: How do you feel today?
A: Okay.

Q: What happened to the Demogorgon?
A: I stopped it.

Q: Can you close the gate?
A: I can do it.

Q: Why did you dump Mike?
A: He lied.

Q: How did you fight Vecna?
A: I can piggyback.

Q: What did you do to the kids at the lab?
A: I killed them all.

Q: Why did you leave Kali?
A: I needed to go home.

Q: What happened when you lost your powers?
A: I’m okay.

Q: Who is Mike to you?
A: Mike is my friend. More than friend.

Q: What do you think of Hopper?
A: Hopper is family.

Q: Do you like Max?
A: Max is strong.

Q: Can you move things with your mind?
A: Yes.

Q: What’s a mouthbreather?
A: Stupid people.

Q: Are you a superhero?
A: Mike says yes.

Q: Are you scared of anything?
A: Bad men.

Q: What do you want most?
A: Friends. Home.

Q: What’s the Upside Down like?
A: Dark. Cold.

Q: Can you make me waffles?
A: Waffles are good.

Q: What’s three inches mean?
A: Hopper’s rule.

Q: Friends don’t lie—do you?
A: No.

Q: How do you fight bullies?
A: With my mind.